Update the param size for mark cache and minmax index cache for TiFlash (#14856)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.0.0.md

| PD | [`read-cpu-ms-cost`](/pd-configuration-file.md#read-cpu-ms-cost) | Newly added | A [Resource Control](/tidb-resource-control.md)-related configuration item. It controls the basis factor for conversion from CPU to RU. The default value is `1/3`. |
| PD | [`write-base-cost`](/pd-configuration-file.md#write-base-cost) | Newly added | A [Resource Control](/tidb-resource-control.md)-related configuration item. It controls the basis factor for conversion from a write request to RU. The default value is `1`. |
| PD | [`write-cost-per-byte`](/pd-configuration-file.md#write-cost-per-byte) | Newly added | A [Resource Control](/tidb-resource-control.md)-related configuration item. It controls the basis factor for conversion from write flow to RU. The default value is `1/1024`. |

> | TiFlash | [`mark_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | Change the default cache limit of the data block metadata in TiFlash from `5368709120` to `1073741824` to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiFlash | [`mark_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | Change the default cache limit of the metadata for a data block in TiFlash from `5368709120` to `1073741824` to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |
```

> | TiFlash | [`minmax_index_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | Change the default cache limit of the min-max index in TiFlash from `5368709120` to `1073741824` to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiFlash | [`minmax_index_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | Change the default cache limit of the min-max index for a data block in TiFlash from `5368709120` to `1073741824` to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |
```

> | TiFlash | [`mark_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | The memory usage limit for data block meta information in TiFlash has been changed from the default value `5368709120` to `1073741824`, in order to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |
> | TiFlash | [`minmax_index_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | The memory usage limit for the min-max index cache in TiFlash has been changed from the default value `5368709120` to `1073741824`, in order to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiFlash | [`mark_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | Change the default cache limit of the data block metadata in TiFlash from `5368709120` to `1073741824` to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |
| TiFlash | [`minmax_index_cache_size`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md) | Modified | Change the default cache limit of the min-max index in TiFlash from `5368709120` to `1073741824` to reduce unnecessary memory usage. |
```
